ViVi: It's a secret...
HaSeul: We're carrying out a secret operation.
HaSeul: Lend some money from our executive director...!
(Why does she want to lend money from him all of the sudden?)
ViVi: Director...
ViVi: Pelase lend me 20,000 won~
ViVI: I'll go and get some fried food!
(That bright smile...)
'Okay'
ViVi: Thank you~!
HaSeul: Wow.. I've never seen such a big fried food before...!
ViVi: I"ve never eaten this...
ViVi: It's so cool~
ViVi: Let me have some more, please~
(They actually got much more fried food because of ViVi's acting cute!)
ViVi: It smells very good!
HaSeul, ViVi: Thank you~
ViVi: It's fried shrimp~
'Thank you for the food'
'Very delicious!'
ViVi: Tasty~!
ViVi: It's my first time and so interesting.
#NowPlaying "이달의 소녀 1/3 (LOOΠΔ 1/3) - 지금, 좋아해(Love&Live)"